feat: add datanode workloads support (#6055)
GreptimeTeam/greptimedb: config/config.md

| Key | Type | Default | Descriptions |
| --- | -----| ------- | ----------- |
| `node_id` | Integer | Unset | -- |

> | `mode` | String | `read_write` | The mode of the datanode.<br/>Available values: `read_write`, `read_only`, `write_only`.<br/><br/>The default value is `read_write`, which can handle both leader and follower regions.<br/>- When the mode is `read_only`, only follower regions will be assigned to this node.<br/>- When the mode is `write_only`, only leader regions will be assigned to this node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mode` | String | `read_write` | The mode of the datanode.<br/>Available values: `read_write`, `read_only`, `write_only`.<br/><br/>The default value is `read_write`, which can handle both writable and read-only regions.<br/>- When the mode is `read_only`, only read-only regions will be assigned to this node.<br/>- When the mode is `write_only`, only writable regions will be assigned to this node. |
```

> | `node_mode` | String | `read_write` | The mode of the datanode.<br/>Available values: `read_write`, `read_only`, `write_only`.<br/><br/>The default value is `read_write`, which can handle both writable and read-only regions.<br/>- When the mode is `read_only`, only read-only regions will be assigned to this node.<br/>- When the mode is `write_only`, only writable regions will be assigned to this node. |

Reviewer 2: Instread `node_mode`, I prefer `node_role` personally:

* `Default` for read and write,
* `Ingester` for write only,
* `Querier` for read only,
* `Compactor` for comaction tasks,
* `Indexer` for indexing

What do you think? @WenyXu @fengjiachun

Reviewer 2: A better approach is to define roles as flags, allowing a node to assume multiple roles. For example: `node_role: Compactor | Indexer`.

Reviewer: 1. I like the idea of `node_mode` (Default, Ingester, Querier, etc.). What do you think, @WenyXu?
2. We use `node_mode` since the `role` is already taken. @killme2008 
```
role
 - datanode
   - node_mode
     - Default
     - Ingester
     - ...
 - flownode
 - frontend
   - node_mode
     ..
```

Author: The field name `role` is already taken in the protocol. How about adding a new field like `role_details` instead?

```
message RequestHeader {
  Role role = 1;
  oneof role_details {
    DatanodeDetails datanode = 2;
    FrontendDetails frontend = 3;
    // future...
  }
}

message DatanodeDetails {
  repeated DatanodeTask tasks = 1;
}

enum DatanodeTask {
  DEFAULT = 0;
  INGESTER = 1;
  QUERIER = 2;
  INDEXER = 3;
  COMPACTOR = 4;
}
```

Reviewer 3: How about `workload_types`

For datanode it can be:

- hybrid (default)
- ingest
- query
- compaction
- index

For frontend, in future there will be

- default
- streaming
- bulk
- query

Reviewer: Or workload_mode

Author: The `workload_types` looks good to me. The proto will look like this:

```
message RequestHeader {
  Role role = 1;
  oneof workload_types {
    DatanodeWorkloads datanode = 2;
    DatanodeWorkloads frontend = 3;
    // future...
  }
}

message DatanodeWorkloads {
  repeated DatanodeWorkload workloads = 1;
}

enum DatanodeWorkload {
  DEFAULT = 0;
  INGEST = 1;
  QUERY = 2;
  INDEX = 3;
  COMPACTION = 4;
}
```

Reviewer 2: `workload_type` seems appropriate, The keypoint is that Datanodes must be able to handle mixed types.

| Key | Type | Default | Descriptions |
| --- | -----| ------- | ----------- |
| `node_id` | Integer | Unset | The datanode identifier and should be unique in the cluster. |

> | `workload_types` | Array | -- | The acceptable workload types of the datanode.<br/>The default value is `["hybrid"]`.<br/><br/>Available values(enterprise version):<br/>- `hybrid`: all workloads, which means the datanode can handle all regions.<br/>- `ingest`: only ingest workload, which means the datanode can only handle writable regions.<br/>- `query`: only query workload, which means the datanode can only handle read-only regions.<br/><br/>Available values(community version):<br/>- `hybrid`: all workloads, which means the datanode can handle all regions. |

Reviewer 3: We can remove this from community configuration
